we bring you the circle Pied Piper whose
magic to reach children of all ages from
six to sixty in two at insolence one
candy world reckless beauty and mounting
laughter whirling through a rhythm
excitement and grace of daring and
glaring and dense of high-stepping
horses and high-flying stars but behind
all this
a circus is a massive machine whose very
life depends on disciplined motion and
speed a mechanized army on wheels that
rolls over any obstacle in its path that
meets calamity again and again but
always comes up smiling a place where
disaster and tragedy stalk the big
tongue haunt the backyard and write the
circus train
where death is constantly watching the
one frayed rope one weak link or one
trace of fear
a fierce primitive fighting force that
smashes relentlessly forward against
impossible odds that is the surface and
this is the story of the biggest of the
big tough and of the men and women who
fight to make it the greatest show on
earth